
I remember waking up to the hum of the lawnmower mowing the lawn of the park across my grandma’s street. It would be around 9 in the morning and I would get up and walk over to the window facing the park and press my face against the screen. I could smell the freshly cut grass, and feel the warm stickiness of the humidity over my face and I heard the morning birds chirping away. I kept my face against that screen, taking in the sounds, but also thinking about what I was going to do that day: scootering around the neighborhood, reading books, eating Orange Sherbert, but most importantly going to the park to try to cross the monkey bars. I had told myself I would learn how to cross the monkey bars at my grandma’s house because the ones back home were too scary. And I reminded myself of that each day, but truth be told, I was still scared of monkey bars, no matter where I was, and it made me extremely upset. My sister would call me too little, but my grandma was the one who never lost “hope” in me. She would hold me up for an hour taking me back and forth across those bars, and she told me the very common adage of “practice makes perfect,” and hearing that coming from her sepcicailly, puhsed me forward. And I think it’s because no matter how young I was she would always take me seriously, and even now, she takes me seriously. That summer, on my seventh birthday, I was able to cross the monkey bars for the first time, all by myself, and I will always thank my grandma for that, becasueshe was the one who pushed me, who never doubted me, who made me feel liek I could do it. And I’ll always thank her for that, for being able to take me and my concerns seriously no matter how young I have been, because her words of encouragement have always pushed me forward, even now. Even when I have totally lost that spiriti in me to keep pushing, when I think I can’t score well on teh SAT, she’s the one who’s always cheering for me, even if nobody else is. 

 I could feel the humidity of the air, and smell the freshly cut grass. The low hum of the lawnmower gave me a sense of peace that meant nothing to me at the time, but thinking about it now gives me a sense of peace I wish I could go back to. I would keep my face against the screen just thinking about what was I was going to do that day—go scootering around the neighborhood with my sister, go to the lake at the park, chase ducks, go to Mr. Freeze to have Orange Sherbet. And then we would go upstairs, back to my grandma’s room, and she would read me all the books that I had picked from the Library, The Way Public Library. After that I would put on my socks, grab my scooter, and scooter outside for hours before going to the park. There were monkey bars on that I dreamed of being able to cross. My sister could do it, but I was too scared to go across. But my grandma, always encouraged me,she pushed me, told me not to be scared. And every singel day she would hold me as I tried to go across. When I told her I was too little to do the monkey bars, she encouraged me and pushed me. And on my seventh birthday, I remember crossing those bars for the first tiem and feeling so accomplished. But I will always thank my grandma for that, because she was always encouraging, she never lost hope in me, and always took me and my concerns seriously regardless of my age. And I will always thank her for that becaseuwhenver I doubted myself,  hearing her words of encouragement, even now, gives me motivation to push harder. And this summer I went back to Ohio to help her move out of that house, but even though we are leaving those monkey bars behind, 





It was the summer of 2015 and I went to my grandma's house and I spent my summer over there with her. So it was me, my sister, my mom and my younger brother. And it was nice just because it felt like a different world, totally different than California, and I mean I love my grandma so the thought of getting to speed an entire summer with her filled me with so much joy.  That entire summer I played, very typical of a 6 year old. So across from the house, there's like this huge park and it had two massive lakes, so I'd throw bread at the fish and try to catch them—I never did, but I did get very close. There were also geese and ducks that my sister and I would always try to chase. There was this little spark of passion that at some point I had to catch the duck if I just tried hard enough—I never did that either.  My grandma’s house is the first one in her little community. It’s not like a typical neighborhood you would see here in the bay area, it’s different, there aren’t clear boundaries for where the backyard starts and ends, but behind her house there is a big field, and lots of narrow streets. One of my mom’s friends gave us–my sister and I—two scooters, and every single day we would get on those scooters and scoot around the neighborhood. We named every single street. The area in front of my grandma’s garage always had sunshine shining on it so that was Sunnyvale, there was a narrow pass with a mulberry tree, so that was mulberry lane, and  we named one after another ane named. Perrysburg Ohio has definitely been a second home to me, 



There's a park, there's so her neighborhood was like a it was a small community and so there's like a lot of like tiny streets and I remember her neighbor gave us like scooters. So then my sister and I would like scooter around her like entire community block or whatever. and we would like name the streets that we scootered around on. I remember there was like, what called fragrance Lane because like it smelled good there. because like the neighborhood use laundry detergent and it smelled good.  So we call that fragrance lane. And remember, there was one called mulberry Lane because there was like a mulberry tree. So, yeah, I think I remember that summerberry distinctly also because I celebrated my birthday with my grandma and like, she baked brownies for me and it was it was just fun. can't so many follow up 
